README.md, before:

# smd

### Script Markdown Processor

Welcome to the Script Markdown Processor. This document should help you get the project up and running. If you have questions, or would like to provide feedback and/or to report a bug, feel free to contact the author, Ken Lowrie, at [www.kenlowrie.com](http://www.kenlowrie.com/).

### Attributions

This project was originally inspired by John Gruber's [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/), the [Python Markdown](https://github.com/Python-Markdown/markdown) Project, and Mark Boszko's [AVScriptFormat](https://github.com/bobtiki/AVScriptFormat) BBEdit plug-in. That resulted in [avscript](https://github.com/kenlowrie/avscript), the predecessor to **smd**.

#### Installing this app on your system

For instructions on how to install this package on your system, refer to the user guide located in the **docs/export** folder of the repository. Open the file **userguide.html** in your browser.

#### Why Script Markdown Processor?

I wanted a way to dynamically create browser content for use in OBS Studio, and this seemed like a good starting point to leverage other code I had. It grew from there...

#### Getting Started with the App

User documentation is available via the "docs/userdocs.md" file, which can be rendered on the fly using smd, smdparse or ismd. A static version has been exported into the **docs/export** folder for convenience.

#### Summary

This concludes the README.md for the Script Markdown (smd) Processor Python Package.

Commit message:

More doc updates, couple of fixes/enhancements
Finished setup-doc.md and added more chapters that were missing. Added sys.root to avoid having all the basepath/../dir paths referenced. while in globals.py, convert to pathlib.Path(). Improve @html.addVariable() so if no _tag is specified, it uses the variable name, which is a better default in most cases. Update affected test masters.

README.md, after:

# smd

### Script Markdown Processor

Welcome to the Script Markdown Processor. This document should help you get the project up and running. If you have questions, or would like to provide feedback and/or to report a bug, feel free to contact the author, Ken Lowrie, at [www.kenlowrie.com](http://www.kenlowrie.com/).

### Attributions

This project was originally inspired by John Gruber's [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/), the [Python Markdown](https://github.com/Python-Markdown/markdown) Project, and Mark Boszko's [AVScriptFormat](https://github.com/bobtiki/AVScriptFormat) BBEdit plug-in. That resulted in [avscript](https://github.com/kenlowrie/avscript), the predecessor to **smd**.

#### Installing this app on your system

For instructions on how to install this package on your system, refer to the user guide located in the **docs/export** folder of the repository. Open the file **userguide.html** in your browser. SMD requires Python 3.7.3 or later, so if you are running anything older than that, you will either have to upgrade or install a virtual environment with something newer in order to run the package.

#### Why Script Markdown Processor?

I wanted a way to dynamically create browser content for use in OBS Studio, and this seemed like a good starting point to leverage other code I had. It grew from there...

#### Getting Started with the App

User documentation is available via the "docs/userdocs.md" file, which can be rendered on the fly using smd, smdparse or ismd. A static version has been exported into the **docs/export** folder for convenience.

#### Summary

This concludes the *README.md* for the Script Markdown (smd) Processor Python Package.
