smd/import/avs/shortcuts.md, before:

// Define some useful variables for substitutions

// First get the basic divs
@import '[sys.imports]/divs.md'

// Define a var for underscoring text
@html _id="uline" \
      _inherit="span" \
      style="text-decoration:underline"
@var _id="uline1" \
      _format="{{html.uline.<}}{{self.t}}{{html.uline.>}}" \
      t="TEXT TO UNDERSCORE"

// Define a set of vars for letting me make an ordered list
// This is special, because you have to open the OL, add all the LI and then close the OL
@html _id="ol1" \
      _inherit="ol" \
      style="margin-left:2em"
@var _id="ol1_open" \
     _format="@@ {{html._div_extras_.<}}{{html.ol1.<}}"
@var _id="ol1_close" \
     _format="@@ {{html.ol1.>}}{{html._div_extras_.>}}"

@html _id="li1" \
      _inherit="li" \
      style="font-size:1.3em"

@var _id="li1" \
     _format="@@ {{html.li.<}}{{self.t}}{{html.li.>}}" \
     t="usage: var.li1(t=\"List item\")"

@html _id="comment" \
      _inherit="p" \
      class="note" 

@var _id="comment" \
     _format="{{html.comment.<}}{{self.t}}{{html.comment.>}}" \
     t="usage: var.comment(t=\"your comment here\")"


@html _id="_div_lyrics_" \
      _inherit="div" \
      class="lyrics"
@html _id="_p_lyrics_" \
      _inherit="p" \
      class="lyrics italic"
 
@var _id="lyrics" \
          _format="@@ {{html._div_lyrics_.<}}{{html._p_lyrics_.<}}{{self.t}}[bb]{{self.lyric}}{{html.p.>}}{{html.div.>}}" \
          t="{:.bigandbold}Song Lyrics" \
          lyric="YOUR LYRICS HERE use &#91;b] between lines"

@html _id="_div_scene_" \
      _inherit="div" \
      class="scene"
@html _id="_p_scene_" \
      _inherit="p" \
      class="divTitle"
@html _id="_p_scene_content_" \
      _inherit="p" \
      style="font-size:1.2em" 
 
@var _id="scene" \
          _format="@@ {{html._div_scene_.<}}{{html._p_scene_.<}}{{self.t}}{{html._p_scene_.>}}{{html._div_scene_.>}}" \
          with_content="@@ {{html._div_scene_.<}}{{html._p_scene_.<}}{{self.t}}{{html._p_scene_.>}}{{html._p_scene_content_.<}}{{self.c}}{{html.p.>}}{{html.div.>}}" \
          t="This is your scene title" \
          c="This is your content"

@html _id="_span_" \
      _inherit="span" \
      _format="{{self.<}}{{self._t}}{{self.>}}"\
      _t="spantext" 

@html _id="_props_" \
      _inherit="_span_"\
      class="props" \
      _t="prop"

@html _id="_cast_" \
      class="cast"\
      _inherit="_span_" \
      _t="castmembername" 

@var _id="_castmember_" \
      _format="{{html._cast_.<}}{{self.castmember}}{{html._cast_.>}}" \
      name="{{html._cast_.<}}{{self.actor}}{{html._cast_.>}}" \
      name_e="{{html._cast_.<+}}{{self.actor}}{{html._cast_.>}}" \
      castmember="UNDEFINED" \
      actor="UNDEFINED"\
      _help_="x"
@var _id="_propitem_" \
      _format="{{html._props_.<}}{{self.prop}}{{html._props_.>}}" \
      prop="UNDEFINED" \
      _help_="x"

@code _id="cast_factory" type="eval" \
    src="print('@var _id=\"$.nm\" _inherit=\"_castmember_\" castmember=\"$.c\" actor=\"$.a\" castname=\"$.m\"')"\
    c = "*UNDEFINED*" \
    a = "*UNDEFINED*" \
    m = "*UNDEFINED*" \
    usage="Usage: **{{self.nm}}(c=&quot;castmember&quot;, n=&quot;actorname&quot; m=&quot;charactername&quot;)**)"

@code _id="prop_factory" type="eval" \
    src="print('@var _id=\"$.nm\" _inherit=\"_propitem_\" prop=\"$.p\"')"\
    p = "*UNDEFINED*" \
    usage="Usage: **{{self.nm}}(p=&quot;prop&quot;)**)"

Commit message:

Improve the ol1 defintion.
No longer need ol1_open/ol1_close, because ol1._open and ol1._close do the same thing.

smd/import/avs/shortcuts.md, after:

// Define some useful variables for substitutions

// First get the basic divs
@import '[sys.imports]/divs.md'

// Define a var for underscoring text
@html _id="uline" \
      _inherit="span" \
      style="text-decoration:underline"
@var _id="uline1" \
      _format="{{html.uline.<}}{{self.t}}{{html.uline.>}}" \
      t="TEXT TO UNDERSCORE"

// Define a set of vars for letting me make an ordered list
// This is special, because you have to open the OL, add all the LI and then close the OL
//TODO: It would be useful to add these _open/_close attrs to other things in here...
@html _="ol1" \
      _inherit="ol" \
      _open="@@ {{_div_extras_.<}}{{self.<}}" \
      _close="@@{{self.>}}{{_div_extras_.>}}" \
      style="margin-left:2em" 

@html _id="li1" \
      _inherit="li" \
      style="font-size:1.3em"

@var _id="li1" \
     _format="@@ {{html.li.<}}{{self.t}}{{html.li.>}}" \
     t="usage: var.li1(t=\"List item\")"

@html _id="comment" \
      _inherit="p" \
      class="note" 

@var _id="comment" \
     _format="{{html.comment.<}}{{self.t}}{{html.comment.>}}" \
     t="usage: var.comment(t=\"your comment here\")"


@html _id="_div_lyrics_" \
      _inherit="div" \
      class="lyrics"
@html _id="_p_lyrics_" \
      _inherit="p" \
      class="lyrics italic"
 
@var _id="lyrics" \
          _format="@@ {{html._div_lyrics_.<}}{{html._p_lyrics_.<}}{{self.t}}[bb]{{self.lyric}}{{html.p.>}}{{html.div.>}}" \
          t="{:.bigandbold}Song Lyrics" \
          lyric="YOUR LYRICS HERE use &#91;b] between lines"

@html _id="_div_scene_" \
      _inherit="div" \
      class="scene"
@html _id="_p_scene_" \
      _inherit="p" \
      class="divTitle"
@html _id="_p_scene_content_" \
      _inherit="p" \
      style="font-size:1.2em" 
 
@var _id="scene" \
          _format="@@ {{html._div_scene_.<}}{{html._p_scene_.<}}{{self.t}}{{html._p_scene_.>}}{{html._div_scene_.>}}" \
          with_content="@@ {{html._div_scene_.<}}{{html._p_scene_.<}}{{self.t}}{{html._p_scene_.>}}{{html._p_scene_content_.<}}{{self.c}}{{html.p.>}}{{html.div.>}}" \
          t="This is your scene title" \
          c="This is your content"

@html _id="_span_" \
      _inherit="span" \
      _format="{{self.<}}{{self._t}}{{self.>}}"\
      _t="spantext" 

@html _id="_props_" \
      _inherit="_span_"\
      class="props" \
      _t="prop"

@html _id="_cast_" \
      class="cast"\
      _inherit="_span_" \
      _t="castmembername" 

@var _id="_castmember_" \
      _format="{{html._cast_.<}}{{self.castmember}}{{html._cast_.>}}" \
      name="{{html._cast_.<}}{{self.actor}}{{html._cast_.>}}" \
      name_e="{{html._cast_.<+}}{{self.actor}}{{html._cast_.>}}" \
      castmember="UNDEFINED" \
      actor="UNDEFINED"\
      _help_="x"
@var _id="_propitem_" \
      _format="{{html._props_.<}}{{self.prop}}{{html._props_.>}}" \
      prop="UNDEFINED" \
      _help_="x"

@code _id="cast_factory" type="eval" \
    src="print('@var _id=\"$.nm\" _inherit=\"_castmember_\" castmember=\"$.c\" actor=\"$.a\" castname=\"$.m\"')"\
    c = "*UNDEFINED*" \
    a = "*UNDEFINED*" \
    m = "*UNDEFINED*" \
    usage="Usage: **{{self.nm}}(c=&quot;castmember&quot;, n=&quot;actorname&quot; m=&quot;charactername&quot;)**)"

@code _id="prop_factory" type="eval" \
    src="print('@var _id=\"$.nm\" _inherit=\"_propitem_\" prop=\"$.p\"')"\
    p = "*UNDEFINED*" \
    usage="Usage: **{{self.nm}}(p=&quot;prop&quot;)**)"
