tests/in/code.md, before:

@import "$/testsetup.md"

[var.testdoc_nw.begin(title="code.md" desc="Testing @code namespace")]

[plain(t="Testing @code builtin functions")]

[wrap_h.hash2]
Testing code.wrap_stack

// Change the default encoding of output from wrap_stack to True so the HTML tags are not interpreted by the browser
@set _id="code.wrap_stack" encode="True"

[divxp.open]
Initially, the wrap_stack should be empty: "[code.wrap_stack]"
[divxp.close]
@wrap divx, p
And now we are changing it to the more traditional "@wrap divx, p": "[code.wrap_stack]"

Next up, we will turn off @wrap, and see that we are clear.

@wrap nop
This should not be wrapped.
@parw

@@[code.wrap_stack(w="<", encode="False")]
@@And this should be wrapped, even though we said it was raw, because previously, we emitted the open tag via code.wrap_stack(w="<")...
@@[code.wrap_stack(w=">", encode="False")]

And now we are back to normal, as we emitted the close tag via code.wrap_stack(w=">")

@@[code.wrap_stack(w="*", encode="False")]
There should be an empty div before this because we emitted the entire wrap tag sequence with code.wrap_stack(w="*")

This concludes the testing of code.wrap_stack
[wrap_h.hash2]

[plain(t="Testing adding new @code builtins")]

@set dump_ns_list="code=\".\""
[var.testdoc_nw.end]

Commit message:

Added code, html and image unittests
tweaked the nsbasic.md as each namespace was added to cover as much as possible in the main tester, and then pickup special cases in each specific unittest.

tests/in/code.md, after:

@import "$/testsetup.md"

[var.testdoc_nw.begin(title="code.md" desc="Testing @code namespace")]

@var ns="code"


//TODO: What is _raw attribute for? Look at all the _element_partials. Need to make sure everything is covered in testing...

@wrap divx,p
@import "$/nsbasic.md"
@parw

TODO: Need to add some code specific testing pulling cases from the nsbasic.md, because much of that doesn't test due to missing src and type attributes.

[plain(t="Testing @code builtin functions")]

[wrap_h.hash2]
Testing code.wrap_stack

// Change the default encoding of output from wrap_stack to True so the HTML tags are not interpreted by the browser
@set _id="code.wrap_stack" encode="True"

[divxp.open]
Initially, the wrap_stack should be empty: "[code.wrap_stack]"
[divxp.close]

@wrap divx, p
And now we are changing it to the more traditional "@wrap divx, p": "[code.wrap_stack]"

Next up, we will turn off @wrap, and see that we are clear.

@wrap nop
This should not be wrapped.
@parw

@@[code.wrap_stack(w="<", encode="False")]
@@And this should be wrapped, even though we said it was raw, because previously, we emitted the open tag via code.wrap_stack(w="<")...
@@[code.wrap_stack(w=">", encode="False")]

And now we are back to normal, as we emitted the close tag via code.wrap_stack(w=">")

@@[code.wrap_stack(w="*", encode="False")]
There should be an empty div before this because we emitted the entire wrap tag sequence with code.wrap_stack(w="*")

This concludes the testing of code.wrap_stack
[wrap_h.hash2]

[plain(t="Testing adding new @code builtins")]

@parw

@set dump_ns_list="code=\".\""
[var.testdoc_nw.end]
