tests/in/divs.md, before:

@import "$/testsetup.md"

[var.testdoc.begin(title="divs.md" desc="builtin DIVs from sys.imports/divs.md")]

[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.section")]
[var.section]
[var.section()] <-- Intentional error, calling section with empty paramter list
[var.section(t="default format section header")]
[var.section.with_content]
[var.section.with_content()]
[var.section.with_content(t=".with_content title")]
[var.section.with_content(t="")]
[var.section.with_content(c="with content, empty title")]
[var.section.with_content(t=".with_content title" c="and content too")]

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing without the namespace prefix var.")]
[section]
[section()] <-- Intentional error, calling section with empty paramter list
[section(t="default format section header")]
[section.with_content]
[section.with_content()] <-- Intentional error, calling section with empty paramter list
[section.with_content(t=".with_content title")]
[section.with_content(t="")]
[section.with_content(c="with content, empty title")]
[section.with_content(t=".with_content title" c="and content too")]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.section_pbb")]
[var.section_pbb]
[var.section_pbb.with_content]
[var.section_pbb(t="section_pbb title")]
[var.section_pbb.with_content(c="section_pbb content", t="section_pbb title2")]

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing without the namespace prefix var.")]
[section_pbb]
[section_pbb.with_content]
[section_pbb(t="section_pbb title")]
[section_pbb.with_content(c="section_pbb content", t="section_pbb title2")]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.plain")]

[var.plain]
[var.plain.with_content]
[var.plain(t="plain non default title")]
[var.plain.with_content]
[var.plain.with_content(c="plain non default comment")]

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing without the namespace prefix var.")]
[plain]
[plain.with_content]
[plain(t="plain non default title")]
[plain.with_content]
[plain.with_content(c="plain non default comment")]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.source")]

[var.source]
[var.source.with_content]
[var.source(t="source non default title")]
[var.source.with_content]
[var.source.with_content(c="source non default comment")]

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing without the namespace prefix var.")]

[source]
[source.with_content]
[source(t="source non default title")]
[source.with_content]
[source.with_content(c="source non default comment")]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.toc")]
[var.toc]
[var.toc.with_content]
[var.toc(t="toc non default title")]
[var.toc.with_content]
[var.toc.with_content(c="toc non default comment")]
[var.toc.wc_open]
toc content using .wc_open and .wc_close
[var.toc.wc_close]

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing without the namespace prefix var.")]
[toc]
[toc.with_content]
[toc(t="toc non default title")]
[toc.with_content]
[toc.with_content(c="toc non default comment")]
[toc.wc_open]
toc content using .wc_open and .wc_close
[toc.wc_close]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.review")]
[var.review]
[var.review.with_content]
[var.review(t="review non default title")]
[var.review.with_content]
[var.review.with_content(c="review non default comment")]

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing without the namespace prefix var.")]
[review]
[review.with_content]
[review(t="review non default title")]
[review.with_content]
[review.with_content(c="review non default comment")]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.note")]
[var.note]
[var.note.with_content]
[var.note(t="note non default title")]
[var.note.with_content]
[var.note.with_content(c="note non default comment")]
[var.note.wc_open(t="non-default-title-wc_open")]
some additional note content.[b]
and some more[b]
and still more
[var.note.wc_close]

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing without the namespace prefix var.")]
[note]
[note.with_content]
[note(t="note non default title")]
[note.with_content]
[note.with_content(c="note non default comment")]
[note.wc_open(t="non-default-title-wc_open")]
some additional note content.[b]
and some more[b]
and still more
[note.wc_close]


[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.vo")]
[var.vo]
[var.vo.with_content]
[var.vo(t="some default text")]
[var.vo.with_content(c="some default content text")]
[var.vo.wc_open]
my content[b]
more content[b]
and a little more[b]
last line
[var.vo.wc_close]

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing vo without prefix var.")]
[vo]
[vo.with_content]
[vo(t="some default text")]
[vo.with_content(c="some default content text")]
[vo.wc_open]
my content[b]
more content[b]
and a little more[b]
last line
[vo.wc_close]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.box")]
[var.box]
[var.box.with_content]
[var.box(t="some default text")]
[var.box.with_content(c="some default content text")]
[var.box.wc_open]
my content[b]
more content[b]
and a little more[b]
last line
[var.box.wc_close]

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing box without prefix var.")]
[box]
[box.with_content]
[box(t="some default text")]
[box.with_content(c="some default content text")]
[box.wc_open]
my content[b]
more content[b]
and a little more[b]
last line
[box.wc_close]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.extras and var.divxp")]
[var.extras]
[var.extras(c="your comment inside an extras div")]

[var.divxp]
[var.divxp(c="your content inside a p tag inside a div")]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.specials")]

[var.syntax]
[syntax]
[syntax.inline]

[var.syntax()] <-- Intentional error, calling section with empty paramter list
[syntax()] <-- Intentional error, calling section with empty paramter list

[var.syntax(t="My new title")]
[syntax]

[var.syntax.with_content]
[syntax.with_content]
[syntax.wc_inline(t="syntax.wc_inline")]

[var.syntax._null_(t="RESET TITLE" c="RESET CONTENT")]
[syntax.with_content]

[var.syntax.with_content(c="Just some new content")]
[var.syntax.with_content(t="And now the title too")]

[var.syntax._null_(t="RESET TITLE" c="RESET CONTENT")]
[var.syntax.wc_open]
[var.syntax.wc_close]

[var.syntax.wc_open(t="syntax.wc_open")]
Some content here
And some additional
And one last thing
[var.syntax.wc_close]

[var.syntax._null_(t="RESET TITLE" c="RESET CONTENT")]
[var.syntax.wc_open(t="syntax.wc_open")]
    Some content here[b]\
    And some additional[b]\
    And one last thing[b]\
[var.syntax.wc_close]

[var.syntax._null_(t="RESET TITLE" c="RESET CONTENT")]
@@[var.syntax.wc_open_inline(t="syntax.wc_open")]
    Some content here[b]\
    And some additional[b]\
    And one last thing[b]
[var.syntax.wc_close_inline]

[testdoc.end]

Commit message:

Convert film-doc.md to use all the new macros
Add additional unittests to cover bug fixes made recently. Another change to how the factories on divs work. Hopefully got it right this time, fingers crossed.

tests/in/divs.md, after:

@import "$/testsetup.md"

[var.testdoc.begin(title="divs.md" desc="builtin DIVs from sys.imports/divs.md")]

[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.section")]
[var.section]
[var.section()] <-- Intentional error, calling section with empty paramter list
[var.section(t="default format section header")]
[var.section.with_content]
[var.section.with_content()]
[var.section.with_content(t=".with_content title")]
[var.section.with_content(t="")]
[var.section.with_content(c="with content, empty title")]
[var.section.with_content(t=".with_content title" c="and content too")]

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing without the namespace prefix var.")]
[section]
[section()] <-- Intentional error, calling section with empty paramter list
[section(t="default format section header")]
[section.with_content]
[section.with_content()] <-- Intentional error, calling section with empty paramter list
[section.with_content(t=".with_content title")]
[section.with_content(t="")]
[section.with_content(c="with content, empty title")]
[section.with_content(t=".with_content title" c="and content too")]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.section_pbb")]
[var.section_pbb]
[var.section_pbb.with_content]
[var.section_pbb(t="section_pbb title")]
[var.section_pbb.with_content(c="section_pbb content", t="section_pbb title2")]

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing without the namespace prefix var.")]
[section_pbb]
[section_pbb.with_content]
[section_pbb(t="section_pbb title")]
[section_pbb.with_content(c="section_pbb content", t="section_pbb title2")]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.plain")]

[var.plain]
[var.plain.with_content]
[var.plain(t="plain non default title")]
[var.plain.with_content]
[var.plain.with_content(c="plain non default comment")]

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing without the namespace prefix var.")]
[plain]
[plain.with_content]
[plain(t="plain non default title")]
[plain.with_content]
[plain.with_content(c="plain non default comment")]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.source")]

[var.source]
[var.source.with_content]
[var.source(t="source non default title")]
[var.source.with_content]
[var.source.with_content(c="source non default comment")]

[var.source.wc_open]
[b]we are open
[var.source.wc_close]

//NOTE: The inline versions of source and probably note, etc., are not really useful, because
//      block elements as wrappers (which is likely in effect), are going to confuse the browser
//      because they will wrap other open block tags. 
//      Below is one workaround, another is how terminal2 is implemented by adding wc_open/close_content
@wrap nop
[html.divx.<]
[var.source.wc_open_inline]
[b]we are open inline
[var.source.wc_close_inline]
[html.divx.>]
@parw

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing without the namespace prefix var.")]

[source]
[source.with_content]
[source(t="source non default title")]
[source.with_content]
[source.with_content(c="source non default comment")]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.toc")]
[var.toc]
[var.toc.with_content]
[var.toc(t="toc non default title")]
[var.toc.with_content]
[var.toc.with_content(c="toc non default comment")]
[var.toc.wc_open]
toc content using .wc_open and .wc_close
[var.toc.wc_close]

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing without the namespace prefix var.")]
[toc]
[toc.with_content]
[toc(t="toc non default title")]
[toc.with_content]
[toc.with_content(c="toc non default comment")]
[toc.wc_open]
toc content using .wc_open and .wc_close
[toc.wc_close]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.review")]
[var.review]
[var.review.with_content]
[var.review(t="review non default title")]
[var.review.with_content]
[var.review.with_content(c="review non default comment")]

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing without the namespace prefix var.")]
[review]
[review.with_content]
[review(t="review non default title")]
[review.with_content]
[review.with_content(c="review non default comment")]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.note")]
[var.note]
[var.note.with_content]
[var.note(t="note non default title")]
[var.note.with_content]
[var.note.with_content(c="note non default comment")]
[var.note.wc_open(t="non-default-title-wc_open")]
some additional note content.[b]
and some more[b]
and still more
[var.note.wc_close]

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing without the namespace prefix var.")]
[note]
[note.with_content]
[note(t="note non default title")]
[note.with_content]
[note.with_content(c="note non default comment")]
[note.wc_open(t="non-default-title-wc_open")]
some additional note content.[b]
and some more[b]
and still more
[note.wc_close]


[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.vo")]
[var.vo]
[var.vo.with_content]
[var.vo(t="some default text")]
[var.vo.with_content(c="some default content text")]
[var.vo.wc_open]
my content[b]
more content[b]
and a little more[b]
last line
[var.vo.wc_close]

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing vo without prefix var.")]
[vo]
[vo.with_content]
[vo(t="some default text")]
[vo.with_content(c="some default content text")]
[vo.wc_open]
my content[b]
more content[b]
and a little more[b]
last line
[vo.wc_close]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.box")]
[var.box]
[var.box.with_content]
[var.box(t="some default text")]
[var.box.with_content(c="some default content text")]
[var.box.wc_open]
my content[b]
more content[b]
and a little more[b]
last line
[var.box.wc_close]

[wrap_h.hash2]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing box without prefix var.")]
[box]
[box.with_content]
[box(t="some default text")]
[box.with_content(c="some default content text")]
[box.wc_open]
my content[b]
more content[b]
and a little more[b]
last line
[box.wc_close]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.extras and var.divxp")]
[var.extras]
[var.extras(c="your comment inside an extras div")]

[var.divxp]
[var.divxp(c="your content inside a p tag inside a div")]

[wrap_h.hash1]
[wrap_h(t="### Testing var.specials")]

[var.syntax]
[syntax]
[syntax.inline]

[var.syntax()] <-- Intentional error, calling section with empty paramter list
[syntax()] <-- Intentional error, calling section with empty paramter list

[var.syntax(t="My new title")]
[syntax]

[var.syntax.with_content]
[syntax.with_content]
[syntax.wc_inline(t="syntax.wc_inline")]

[var.syntax._null_(t="RESET TITLE" c="RESET CONTENT")]
[syntax.with_content]

[var.syntax.with_content(c="Just some new content")]
[var.syntax.with_content(t="And now the title too")]

[var.syntax._null_(t="RESET TITLE" c="RESET CONTENT")]
[var.syntax.wc_open]
[var.syntax.wc_close]

[var.syntax.wc_open(t="syntax.wc_open")]
Some content here
And some additional
And one last thing
[var.syntax.wc_close]

[var.syntax._null_(t="RESET TITLE" c="RESET CONTENT")]
[var.syntax.wc_open(t="syntax.wc_open")]
    Some content here[b]\
    And some additional[b]\
    And one last thing[b]\
[var.syntax.wc_close]

[var.syntax._null_(t="RESET TITLE" c="RESET CONTENT")]
@@[var.syntax.wc_open_inline(t="syntax.wc_open")]
    Some content here[b]\
    And some additional[b]\
    And one last thing[b]
[var.syntax.wc_close_inline]

[testdoc.end]
