tests/in/variables.md, before:

@import "[sys.imports]/builtins.md"
@import "[sys.imports]/divs.md"
@import "[sys.imports]/report.md"

@import "[sys.imports]/def_html.md"
@import "[sys.imports]/def_head.md"
@import "[sys.imports]/def_body.md"
[hash1]
// variables
[link.bm_factory(nm="aliases" t="Aliases aka Variables")]
[link.aliases]
{:.plain}@@@ plainTitle Aliases
## Aliases or Variables

Aliases (aka Variables), which is essentially text substitution, is supported using a similar syntax to reference links. **[variable]=value**. Take the following example:
{:.indent}###[my name]=Ken Lowrie
[my name]=Ken Lowrie
Now, anywhere I write &#91;my name], it will be replaced with "Ken Lowrie". Let's do that now: [my name] &lt;-- Should be Ken Lowrie.

If I instead write: &#91;my name]=[&#42;Ken Lowrie*], then everywhere I write &#91;my name], it will be replaced with &lt;em>Ken Lowrie&lt;/em>. Okay, let's go ahead and do that now. 
[my name]=*Ken Lowrie*
And now, [my name] &lt;-- should be Ken Lowrie wrapped with &lt;em> tags.
## Link aliases

Building on that, we can create aliases for inline links. Say I define a reference link like this: 
{:.indent}###&#91;cls]:https://cloudylogic.com
[link.ln_factory(nm="cls", hr="https://cloudylogic.com", t="{{self.nm}}")]
Now, when I write **&#91;cls]**, it is replaced with a link to https://cloudylogic.com. For example: [cls].
And that's all good. It's concise, I only have to write *cls* in [ ] and it is wrapped with an HTML link. Saves a lot of typing and potential mistakes. But what if I want to have other, more descriptive names for that URL? Good news, we can do that using a special form of aliases: [Descriptive Text]=[id], where *id* is the name of a previously described reference link. Let me go ahead and create an alias for the *cls* link so the descriptive name is Cloudy Logic. ThIS TEXT IS ALL WRONG. DOESN'T WORK THIS WAY ANYMORE...
{:.indent}###&#91;Cloudy Logic]=cls
@link _="cls2" _inherit="cls" _text="Cloudy Logic"
Now, when I write [cls2], it is wrapped with the link for *cls*. Cool!

[abc]=123
[def]=456
[xyz]=?b=[abc]%20[def]
@link _="jitlinkvar" _inherit="_template_" _text="{{self._}}" href="https://mydomain.com?a=[abc]%20[def]"
@link _="jitlinkvar2" _inherit="jitlinkvar" href="https://mydomain.com[xyz]"
Here is my [jitlinkvar]
Here is my [jitlinkvar2]

{:.red.center}### avscript tester doc
[var.cover(title="User Manual" author="Ken Lowrie" logline="This is a user manual for the AVScript utility.")]
// $$revision$$:<<*1b*>>
{:.blue.plain}--- plainTitle Variables
We can define variables using the syntax: ***[name]=value***. Here's an example. The next line will define the variable *whoami* and set it to *Ken Lowrie*.
[whoami]=Ken Lowrie
Now, whenever I write whoami inside square brackets **[ ]**, it will replace it with *Ken Lowrie*. Let's try that now. Hello, my name is *[whoami]*. That's pretty straightforward...
{:.plain}@@@ plainTitle Links
We can also define hyperlinks using a similar syntax: [linkID]:linkurl. Let's go ahead and define a few links now...
I've defined two new links, one called *cls* which is a standard HTTPS link for my website, and another called *me*, which is a mailto: link that will compose a new email to myself. I use these just like variables, just write the ID inside square brackets.

Visit my domain [cls] or send [me] an email. If you click on either *cls* or *me*, they should behave accordingly.

#### Aliases

So far so good. Typing [cls] is certainly better than typing out the entire URL, but it's not very descriptive... Sometimes, maybe I want to have more text, or even the URL as the hyperlink. In those cases, you can create variables whose value matches the name of a linkID, and when you use that variable, it will wrap the variable name with the link tag. Kind of like creating an alias for the link description.
So let's try that. The next line is ***defining the variable*** called "My Email Address" and setting its value to "me". 
[My Email Address]=me
By defining a variable's value such that the value is a valid linkID, when you use the variable's name in the document, it will be wrapped in the linkIDs hyperlink. So now when I write [My Email Address], it is more friendly than [me], even though they evaluate to the same link.

You can create more than one "alias" to the same underlying link. The new variable design requires that you add a new format string and specific private variable to support that. Here's an example of it:

In the previous 2 lines, I created two new variables and set both of their values to the linkID called *cls*. So now when I write [link.cls._qlink(_qtext="My Production Website")] and [link.cls._qlink(_qtext="Cloudy Logic Studios, LLC")], both of them are links to my website. 

Most of the time, you'll just add normal links with the regular link syntax, but sometimes it's cool to have these other options.

Here are a couple more examples:

[link.ln_factory(nm="article1", hr="https://wordpress.org/news/2018/05/the-month-in-wordpress-april-2018/", t="Link to Article")]
@link _="article2" _inherit="_template_" _text="Link to Article2" href="https://domain.com/another_article_link"
[domain]=cls
[article1] <-- That should have been turned into a link
@link _="withtitle" _inherit="_template_" _text="One with Title" href="https://www.cloudylogic.com" title="This is a link title..."

You can send [feedback]. Or you can just email [me]. Or go to my [domain]. But don't do that if [Cloudy Logic]:(cls) is not defined. Finally, [withtitle]

Remember, variable definitions and reference link definitions must be declared on a line by themself. If you put more stuff, it will just process the first one. If it isn't at the beginning of the line, it'll be ignored. For example:

[varName]=varValue is okay.
But [varName]=varValue is not...

@dump var="." html="." link="." image="."
@import "[sys.imports]/def_bodyclose.md"
@import "[sys.imports]/def_close.md"

Commit message:

Update more automated tests.
Transitions is just about done. Variables still needs work, because it references a lot of the old style inline and reference links, and also the [var]=value original assigment syntax.

tests/in/variables.md, after:

@import "[sys.imports]/builtins.md"
@import "[sys.imports]/divs.md"
@import "[sys.imports]/report.md"

@import "[sys.imports]/def_html.md"
@import "[sys.imports]/def_head.md"
@import "[sys.imports]/def_body.md"
[hash1]
// variables
[link.bm_factory(nm="aliases" t="Aliases aka Variables")]
[link.aliases]

@html _id="myp" _tag="p" style="font-size:1.2em"

[html._div_plain_.<]
@wrap myp
[var.plain(t="Variables")]
## Variables

Variables, which is essentially text substitution, is supported using a similar syntax to reference links. **@var variable="value"**. Take the following example:
{:.indent}###@var name="Ken Lowrie"
@var name="Ken Lowrie"
Now, anywhere I write &#91;my name], it will be replaced with "Ken Lowrie". Let's do that now: [name] &lt;-- Should be Ken Lowrie.

If I instead write: &#91;name]=[&#42;Ken Lowrie*], then everywhere I write &#91;name], it will be replaced with &lt;em>Ken Lowrie&lt;/em>. Okay, let's go ahead and do that now. 
@set name="*Ken Lowrie*"
And now, [name] &lt;-- should be Ken Lowrie wrapped with &lt;em> tags.
## Link aliases

//TODO: This link format text is wrong. Fix the description/syntax in the docs. Inline, it's correct.
Building on that, we can create aliases for inline links. Say I define a reference link like this: 
{:.indent}###&#91;cls]:https://cloudylogic.com
[link.ln_factory(nm="cls", hr="https://cloudylogic.com", t="{{self.nm}}")]
Now, when I write **&#91;cls]**, it is replaced with a link to https://cloudylogic.com. For example: [cls].
And that's all good. It's concise, I only have to write *cls* in [ ] and it is wrapped with an HTML link. Saves a lot of typing and potential mistakes. But what if I want to have other, more descriptive names for that URL? Good news, we can do that using a special form of aliases: [Descriptive Text]=[id], where *id* is the name of a previously described reference link. Let me go ahead and create an alias for the *cls* link so the descriptive name is Cloudy Logic. THIS TEXT IS ALL WRONG. DOESN'T WORK THIS WAY ANYMORE...
{:.indent}###&#91;Cloudy Logic]=cls
@link _="cls2" _inherit="cls" _text="Cloudy Logic"
Now, when I write [cls2], it is wrapped with the link for *cls*. Cool!

@var abc="123"
@var def="456"
@var xyz="?={{abc}}%20{{def}}]"
@link _="jitlinkvar" _inherit="_template_" _text="{{self._}}" href="https://mydomain.com?a=[abc]%20[def]"
@link _="jitlinkvar2" _inherit="jitlinkvar" href="https://mydomain.com[xyz]"
Here is my [jitlinkvar]
Here is my [jitlinkvar2]

{:.red.center}### avscript tester doc
[var.cover(title="User Manual" author="Ken Lowrie" logline="This is a user manual for the AVScript utility.")]
// $$revision$$:<<*1b*>>

[var.plain(t="{:.blue}Variables")]
We can define variables using the syntax: ***[name]=value***. Here's an example. The next line will define the variable *whoami* and set it to *Ken Lowrie*.
@var whoami="Ken Lowrie"
Now, whenever I write whoami inside square brackets **[ ]**, it will replace it with *Ken Lowrie*. Let's try that now. Hello, my name is *[whoami]*. That's pretty straightforward...

[var.plain(t="Links")]
We can also define hyperlinks using a similar syntax: [linkID]:linkurl. Let's go ahead and define a few links now...
I've defined two new links, one called *cls* which is a standard HTTPS link for my website, and another called *me*, which is a mailto: link that will compose a new email to myself. I use these just like variables, just write the ID inside square brackets.

Visit my domain [cls] or send [me] an email. If you click on either *cls* or *me*, they should behave accordingly.

#### Aliases

So far so good. Typing [cls] is certainly better than typing out the entire URL, but it's not very descriptive... Sometimes, maybe I want to have more text, or even the URL as the hyperlink. In those cases, you can create variables whose value matches the name of a linkID, and when you use that variable, it will wrap the variable name with the link tag. Kind of like creating an alias for the link description.
So let's try that. The next line is ***defining the variable*** called "My Email Address" and setting its value to "me". 
@var MyEmailAddress="{{me}}"
By defining a variable's value such that the value is a valid linkID, when you use the variable's name in the document, it will be wrapped in the linkIDs hyperlink. So now when I write [MyEmailAddress], it is more friendly than [me], even though they evaluate to the same link.

You can create more than one "alias" to the same underlying link. The new variable design requires that you add a new format string and specific private variable to support that. Here's an example of it:

In the previous 2 lines, I created two new variables and set both of their values to the linkID called *cls*. So now when I write [link.cls._qlink(_qtext="My Production Website")] and [link.cls._qlink(_qtext="Cloudy Logic Studios, LLC")], both of them are links to my website. 

Most of the time, you'll just add normal links with the regular link syntax, but sometimes it's cool to have these other options.

Here are a couple more examples:

[link.ln_factory(nm="article1", hr="https://wordpress.org/news/2018/05/the-month-in-wordpress-april-2018/", t="Link to Article")]
@link _="article2" _inherit="_template_" _text="Link to Article2" href="https://domain.com/another_article_link"
@var domain="cls"
[article1] <-- That should have been turned into a link
@link _="withtitle" _inherit="_template_" _text="One with Title" href="https://www.cloudylogic.com" title="This is a link title..."

You can send [feedback]. Or you can just email [me]. Or go to my [domain]. But don't do that if [Cloudy Logic]:(cls) is not defined. Finally, [withtitle]

Remember, variable definitions and reference link definitions must be declared on a line by themself. If you put more stuff, it will just process the first one. If it isn't at the beginning of the line, it'll be ignored. For example:

@var varName="varValue is okay."
But [varName]=varValue is not...

[html._div_plain_.>]
@dump var="." html="." link="." image="."
@import "[sys.imports]/def_bodyclose.md"
@import "[sys.imports]/def_close.md"
