docs/userdocs.md, before:

{:.blue.center}#Script Markdown User Manual
@var workingtitle="Script Markdown Utility"
@var storysummary="This manual describes the *Script Markdown Utility*, its features, purpose and more. I've packed it with examples too, so hopefully after you read it, you'll know all you need to know about how to use it to create script markdown documents quickly, easily and most important, efficiently. **Enjoy!**[bb]***NOTE:*** Additional samples that might be worth reviewing are those in the unit test code located here: ***(../tests/in/&ast;.md)***. Keep in mind that the unit test code is meant to stress test the parser as well as the limits and edges of the syntax of smd, so in some cases it might be confusing or even contradictory to what the user guide covers."

@import "[sys.imports]/divs.md"
@import '[sys.imports]/report.md'
@import '[sys.imports]/helpers.md'
@import '[sys.imports]/avs/avs.md'
@import '$/import/userguideheading.md'

@var smd="{{self.lcase}}" ucase="SMD" lcase="smd" short="Script Markdown" desc="{{self.ucase}} - {{self.short}}" b="**{{self._format}}**" em="*{{self._format}}*" emb="***{{self._format}}***" B="**{{self.ucase}}**" EM="*{{self.ucase}}*" EMB="***{{self.ucase}}***"

@var _="ismd" _inherit="smd" ucase="iSMD" lcase="ismd"
@var _="smdparse" _inherit="smd" ucase="SMDParse" lcase="smdparse"

//@dump var=".*smd"

// The name SMD (smd) should be abstracted in a variable at the lowest level, such that I can change it on the fly and it would reflect throughout the docs.

// More helpers for the user manual. Add anything useful to built-ins once completed.

@var mk="{{self.s}}" s="@@<br/>{{code.repeat(t=\"&\" c=\"100\")}}<br />" e="@@<br/>{{code.repeat(t=\"%\" c=\"100\")}}<br />"

@html _="pre" _tag="pre"
@html _="prewrap" _inherit="pre" style="white-space:pre-wrap"
@html _="codeblk" _inherit="code" style="display:block;color:purple"

@var docthis="usage: docthis.open(), then content, then docthis.close()"\
    open="{{code.pushlines(t=\"@wrap null\n{{self._start}}\n{{html.prewrap.<}}\n{{html.codeblk.<}}\n@parw 1\n@wrap divx\")}}"\
    close="{{code.pushlines(t=\"@parw 1\n@wrap null\n{{html.codeblk.>}}\n{{html.prewrap.>}}\n@parw 1\")}}"\
     _start="{{wrap_h(t=\"## {{self.h}}\")}}"\
     h="Things to document"

// Override some of the default helpers



[link.bm_factory(nm="summary" t="Summary")]
[var.toc.wc_open(t="Table of Contents - SMD User Guide[bb]")]
@import "$/section/setup-inc.md"
@import "$/section/cmdline-inc.md"
@import "$/section/intro-inc.md"
@import "$/section/heading-inc.md"
@import "$/section/wrap-inc.md"
@import "$/section/helpers-inc.md"
@import "$/section/ns-inc.md"
@import "$/section/nsvar-inc.md"
@import "$/section/nshtml-inc.md"
@import "$/section/nslink-inc.md"
@import "$/section/mailto-inc.md"
@import "$/section/nsimage-inc.md"
@import "$/section/nscode-inc.md"
@import "$/section/divs-inc.md"
@import "$/section/titlepage-inc.md"
@import "$/section/import-inc.md"
@import "$/section/advanced-inc.md"
@import "$/section/predefcss-inc.md"
@import "$/section/av-inc.md"
@import "$/section/debug-inc.md"
[link.summary.link] - **Summary of the User Guide**[b]
[var.toc.wc_close]

[docthis.open(h="Add this to ????.md")]
Holding tank for adding things that need to be covered somewhere...
[docthis.close]


@wrap divx, p

@import "$/section/setup-doc.md"
@import "$/section/cmdline-doc.md"
@import "$/section/intro-doc.md"
@import "$/section/heading-doc.md"
@import "$/section/wrap-doc.md"

@import "$/section/ns-doc.md"
@import "$/section/nsvar-doc.md"
@import "$/section/nshtml-doc.md"
@import "$/section/nslink-doc.md"
@import "$/section/mailto-doc.md"
@import "$/section/nsimage-doc.md"
@import "$/section/nscode-doc.md"

@import "$/section/divs-doc.md"
@import "$/section/titlepage-doc.md"
@import "$/section/import-doc.md"
@import "$/section/advanced-doc.md"
@import "$/section/predefcss-doc.md"
@import "$/section/av-doc.md"

@import "$/section/debug-doc.md"

[link.summary]
[wrap_h.chapter(t="## Summary")]

Well that's it! Hope you've enjoyed reading the docs for the smd utility. More importantly, I hope that you can use this app to streamline your html document and audio/visual script development!

Commit message:

More doc updates, couple of fixes/enhancements
Finished setup-doc.md and added more chapters that were missing. Added sys.root to avoid having all the basepath/../dir paths referenced. while in globals.py, convert to pathlib.Path(). Improve @html.addVariable() so if no _tag is specified, it uses the variable name, which is a better default in most cases. Update affected test masters.

docs/userdocs.md, after:

{:.blue.center}#Script Markdown User Manual
@var workingtitle="Script Markdown Utility"
@var storysummary="This manual describes the *Script Markdown Utility*, its features, purpose and more. I've packed it with examples too, so hopefully after you read it, you'll know all you need to know about how to use it to create script markdown documents quickly, easily and most important, efficiently. **Enjoy!**[bb]***NOTE:*** Additional samples that might be worth reviewing are those in the unit test code located here: ***(../tests/in/&ast;.md)***. Keep in mind that the unit test code is meant to stress test the parser as well as the limits and edges of the syntax of smd, so in some cases it might be confusing or even contradictory to what the user guide covers."

@import "[sys.imports]/divs.md"
@import '[sys.imports]/report.md'
@import '[sys.imports]/helpers.md'
@import '[sys.imports]/avs/avs.md'
@import '$/import/userguideheading.md'

@var smd="{{self.lcase}}" ucase="SMD" lcase="smd" short="Script Markdown" desc="{{self.ucase}} - {{self.short}}" b="**{{self._format}}**" em="*{{self._format}}*" emb="***{{self._format}}***" B="**{{self.ucase}}**" EM="*{{self.ucase}}*" EMB="***{{self.ucase}}***" short_b="**{{self.short}}**" desc_b="**{{self.desc}}**"

@var _="ismd" _inherit="smd" ucase="iSMD" lcase="ismd" short="Interactive Script Markdown"
@var _="smdparse" _inherit="smd" ucase="SMDParse" lcase="smdparse"  short="Script Markdown Parser"

//@dump var=".*smd"

// The name SMD (smd) should be abstracted in a variable at the lowest level, such that I can change it on the fly and it would reflect throughout the docs.

// More helpers for the user manual. Add anything useful to built-ins once completed.

@var mk="{{self.s}}" s="@@<br/>{{code.repeat(t=\"&\" c=\"100\")}}<br />" e="@@<br/>{{code.repeat(t=\"%\" c=\"100\")}}<br />"

@html _="pre" _tag="pre"
@html _="prewrap" _inherit="pre" style="white-space:pre-wrap"
@html _="codeblk" _inherit="code" style="display:block;color:purple"

@var docthis="usage: docthis.open(), then content, then docthis.close()"\
    open="{{code.pushlines(t=\"@wrap null\n{{self._start}}\n{{html.prewrap.<}}\n{{html.codeblk.<}}\n@parw 1\n@wrap divx\")}}"\
    close="{{code.pushlines(t=\"@parw 1\n@wrap null\n{{html.codeblk.>}}\n{{html.prewrap.>}}\n@parw 1\")}}"\
     _start="{{wrap_h(t=\"## {{self.h}}\")}}"\
     h="Things to document"

// Override some of the default helpers



[link.bm_factory(nm="summary" t="Summary")]
[var.toc.wc_open(t="Table of Contents - SMD User Guide[bb]")]
@import "$/section/setup-inc.md"
@import "$/section/cmdline-inc.md"
@import "$/section/intro-inc.md"
@import "$/section/heading-inc.md"
@import "$/section/wrap-inc.md"
@import "$/section/builtins-inc.md"
@import "$/section/helpers-inc.md"
@import "$/section/ns-inc.md"
@import "$/section/nsvar-inc.md"
@import "$/section/nshtml-inc.md"
@import "$/section/nslink-inc.md"
@import "$/section/mailto-inc.md"
@import "$/section/nsimage-inc.md"
@import "$/section/nscode-inc.md"
@import "$/section/divs-inc.md"
@import "$/section/titlepage-inc.md"
@import "$/section/import-inc.md"
@import "$/section/advanced-inc.md"
@import "$/section/predefcss-inc.md"
@import "$/section/av-inc.md"
@import "$/section/debug-inc.md"
[link.summary.link] - **Summary of the User Guide**[b]
[var.toc.wc_close]

[docthis.open(h="Add this to ????.md")]
Holding tank for adding things that need to be covered somewhere...
[docthis.close]


@wrap divx, p

[wrap_h.chapter(t="# [smd] - The [smd.short] Processor")]

Welcome to the user manual for [smd.b], the [smd.short_b] Processor that can take plain text files written in a specialized markdown syntax and turn them into rich HTML documents. This guide will take you through installation and setup of [smb.b], and then show you how you can use it to create all sorts of interesting and cool HTML projects. So let's get going!

@import "$/section/setup-doc.md"
@import "$/section/cmdline-doc.md"
@import "$/section/intro-doc.md"
@import "$/section/heading-doc.md"
@import "$/section/wrap-doc.md"
@import "$/section/builtins-doc.md"
@import "$/section/helpers-doc.md"

@import "$/section/ns-doc.md"
@import "$/section/nsvar-doc.md"
@import "$/section/nshtml-doc.md"
@import "$/section/nslink-doc.md"
@import "$/section/mailto-doc.md"
@import "$/section/nsimage-doc.md"
@import "$/section/nscode-doc.md"

@import "$/section/divs-doc.md"
@import "$/section/titlepage-doc.md"
@import "$/section/import-doc.md"
@import "$/section/advanced-doc.md"
@import "$/section/predefcss-doc.md"
@import "$/section/av-doc.md"

@import "$/section/debug-doc.md"

[link.summary]
[wrap_h.chapter(t="## Summary")]

Well that's it! Hope you've enjoyed reading the docs for the smd utility. More importantly, I hope that you can use this app to streamline your html document and audio/visual script development!
