docs/section/advanced-doc.md, before:


[link.advanced]
[wrap_h.chapter(t="##Advanced Topics: [smdraw.il] and more")]


//[docthis.open(h="Add this to advanced-doc.md")]
//[docthis.close]

[TODO] Figure out what leftovers should go here. Grep after this pass of the documentation review, and whatever doesn't fit somewhere else should go here.

The case for @raw | @@. When you use them in emitted lines (or inline), any @wrap tag will NOT be applied.

However, the parser will markdown the line, and it the contents change (i.e. markdown was there), then it will use that instead of the actual raw line.

@@ [big]

Seems like @break is essentially a way of doing a "clear:both" thru the use of a display:block element such as headers...

The @break/@exit are not really needed, because the avshot macro properly handles the closure... grep for this and then see if they are still used then decide it we need to document them...

[var.note(t="When you want to force the document out of shot mode, use ***@break*** or ***@exit*** on an empty line. That will reset the floats which are controlling the AV formatting, and start a new section. See how the document leaves the narration mode of the prior shot, and starts this new block paragraph?")]
@break

**[at]break** [lt]--Use @break or @exit to close a shot DIV."



So that pretty much sums up the advanced section. Hopefully it was helpful, if not, ask questions, and I'll clarify. Or better yet, improve the docs, and submit a pull request. :)

Commit message:

Final-final documentation pass complete!
Do one more pass searching for TODO's, remove all old/unused files, and merge the contents back to the master branch.

docs/section/advanced-doc.md, after:


[link.advanced]
[wrap_h.chapter(t="##Advanced Topics: [smdraw.il] and more")]

We've been using [smdraw.b] (which can also be written as **@@**) throughout this documentation, and when and if you ever peer into the builtins that come with [smd.b], you'll see it used quite often. Essentially, beginning a line with [smdraw.b] will suppress any [smdwrap.b] formatting that is currently in effect, making it so you can control exactly what the parser will emit.

There is one thing to keep in mind about this if markdown is written after the [smdraw.b] qualifier: since the markdown could effectively change the line to something else completely, say if a line is pushed onto the input stream, you may not get the results you were expecting!

[wrap_h.subsect(t="#### @break and @exit")]
In the precursor to [smd.b], a formatter called **avscript**, [smdbreak.b] and [smdexit.b] were used quite heavily to control the formatting, primarily as a means to clear the floats in effect when formatting **AV script**.

In [smd.b], however, they are only used sparingly, but as you might have guessed, it will be in **AV Script** markdown documents. In order to avoid unnecessary blank space between elements, the **avs** macros do not automatically emit a block element that will clear the floats, since in most cases, an **AV** script will simply begin a new shot which avoids the issue. However, if you have a need to insert other information between shots, then you'll likely have to use [smdbreak.b]/[smdexit.b] in order to forcibly clear the floats.

So that pretty much sums up the advanced section. Apparently there aren't too many advanced topics after all... Hopefully it was helpful, if not, ask questions, and I'll clarify. Or better yet, improve the docs, and submit a pull request. :)
